                                          YASHIN'S CHECKERS GAME

Checkers is a two-player board game which is generally played on a standard 64-square board of two 32 different colours. Each player has 12 pieces (stones) in different colours than the opponent's ones. The players' pieces only stay in the same coloured-squares throughout the game. The opponent's pieces are not possible to be touched by the other player.
The objective of the game is to capture the opponent’s stones as much as possible, but in a clever way. Think of supporting your front stones, avoiding them being captured by the other player. But, sometimes you may need to sacrifice some. The capturing is done when a stone has an empty diagonal square behind, and stays adjacent to the opponent’s one. So, the opponent can capture it by jumping over and reaching to that empty square. When a stone reaches to the edge in the other side of the board, it becomes a king. It is possible to have more than one king. All movements are forward diagonal in one square length, except for a king. A king is able to move in backwards as well. Finally, the winner will be the one whose opponent does not have any stones left or any legal moves to go.
The square(s) of available piece(s) to move are highlighted in lighter yellow. The square where the piece comes from is highlighted in darker yellow. The possible square(s) to move to are highlighted in green. The window is not resizable.
In the Settings menu, the player can choose to play first or second, which by default it is Play First. Human can play vs computer. Computer can play vs computer. When selecting Computer vs Computer, the Play First button gets selected while both Play First and Play Second buttons get disabled since it does not make sense them to stay active.
It is the computer who takes the benefit of using the algorithms to analyse and decide which moves will lead to success at each state of the game. The algorithms are “Minimax”, “Minimax with Alpha-Beta Pruning” and “Monte Carlo”. The game can be played in four different levels: Easy, Normal, Hard, and Formidable.
There is a Force Jump button which is selected by default, as an internationally defined rule. However, it can be deselected on demand. If it is selected, then the available pieces after first capture must be captured as well and no other moves are allowed. And if it is not selected, all possible moves are allowed.