YASHIN'S CHECKERS GAME

Checkers is played on a standard 64-square board of two 32 different colours. Each player has 12 pieces (stones) in different colours than the opponent's ones. The players' pieces only stay in the same coloured-squares throughout the game. The objective of the game is to capture the opponent’s stones as much as possible, but in a clever way. Think of supporting your front stones, avoiding them being captured by the other player. But, sometimes you may need to sacrify some. The capturing is done when a stone has an empty diagonal square behind, and stays adjacent to the opponet's one. So, the opponent can capture it by jumping over and reaching to that empty square.
When a stone reaches to the edge in the other side of the board, it turns to a king piece. It is possible to have more than one king.
All movements are forward diagonal in one square length, except for a king which is able to do it in backwards as well.
Doing a possible capture right after capturing one is not allowed, again except for a king.
Finally, the winner will be the one whose opponent does not have any stones left to play or does not have any legal movements to do.
There will be an option for choosing "Force Jump". Force Jump means if there is an opportunity to capture a piece, the player must do that.
The game can be played in 5 different levels: Easy, Not So Easy, Normal, Not So Hard, Hard. There are also options to make the game working under three different core algorithms: Minimax, Minimax with Alpha-beta Pruning and A* Search.
The game is always played vs computer, named Smart-Friend. The opponent's pieces are not possible to be touched by the human player.
The human player can choose to play first or not, and in white or black. The player is asked to enter a name before start playing.

The Player can exit, quit, restart, pause, resume or save for later load. After loading a completed game if the player tries to move any pieces, an alerting window appears saying "No possible movement! It is an already finished game.".
"Exit" means closing the running file by pressing the tiny red-crossed button at the top corner of the window. When hitting "Quit", it closes the game and goes to main menu. The "Restart" button restarts the game under the same conditions as the player had set before. Before performing these three actions, it notifies the player to prevent any mis-clicking results.
There is an "Undo" button. After loading a game, it is possible to see the history of the game by clicking on Undo button. Whilst undoing in a loaded game, in the case of comittment of new movements, the player will be asked to modify the saved game or not when exiting or quiting if the change has not been saved yet. The saved game is labeled by date and time.
A completed game is stored containing the name of the winner, date, time, level and algorithm of the game. The data table is designed for 100 entries, so the 101st entry will overwite the first one and so on and so forth.
The statistics are shown after hitting the button "Statistics". It is possible to reset the recorded data. After saving the game, the player can go to main menu.
An alert window pops up indicating lose or win at the end of the game.
In main menu and in the board, there is a "Help" button, explaining the rules and the functionalities of the game.
The selected piece and the available squares to move are highlighted. Once a player moves a piece, it is still highlighted as well as the square it comes from.
In the board, the running time is displayed.
The window is unresizable.




FANCY TO HAVE:
The lost pieces shown on the board. When a pop-up window appears, it starts with pulsing show. An image is displayed after running the file. Animations on moving, capturing. Sounds for opening, moving, capturing, turning to king, win, lose, clicking on button. Sound button in main menu and in the running board. Change exclamation icon in message box.
